README.md, before:

# Masterpassword GTK
A gtk application using Rust. The masterpassowrd algorithm is added via the Rust FFI.

## Current state
 - The FFI bindings are implementd. The bidings just need to be cleand up quiet a lot and wrapped to nicer Rust objects.
 - The GTK ui is just a placeholder for now and basically nonexistent. A design needs to be made and implemented. (I would like to have a settings window, with login options and account settings like used passwords. But in actual usecase it should just be a fullscreen or popup window whcih only shows a textfild to search for the desired pwd)

## Compile
Compile with cargo (`cargo build` inside gui_app folder)
To execute the file you need to add `/src/masterpassword-c/core/lib/linux/x86_64/` to your `LD_LIBRARY_PATH`.\
To do so run:\
```
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$(pwd)/gui_app/src/masterpassword-c/core/lib/linux/x86_64/
```
inside this (rust-gtk-mpw) folder before executing.
### Other requirements
for Bindgen there needs to be clang installed (and maybe llvm devel packages) see: https://rust-lang.github.io/rust-bindgen/requirements.html
```
export LD_LIBRARY_PATH=$HOME/Projects/rust-gtk-mpw/gui_app/src/masterpassword-c/core/lib/linux/x86_64/;./$HOME/Projects/rust-gtk-mpw/gui_app/target/debug/rust-mpw
```

Commit message:

Make it work:  - update readme  - add missing socket to flatpak manifest   - add flatpak-install.sh - update icon  - fix metainfo

README.md, after:

# Masterpassword GTK
A Gtk application using Rust. The masterpassowrd algorithm is added via the Rust FFI. Using the new spectre api repository (https://gitlab.com/spectre.app/api)
(Spectre is the rebranded masterpassword algorithm)

## Current state
 - The FFI bindings are implementd and the api git submodule gets compiled by the build.rs script. The bidings just need to be cleand up quiet a lot and wrapped to nicer Rust objects.
 - The GTK ui is just a placeholder for now and basically nonexistent. A design needs to be made and implemented. (I would like to have a settings window, with login options and account settings like used passwords. But in actual usecase it should just be a fullscreen or popup window whcih only shows a textfild to search for the desired pwd)
 - The flatpak can be build using the rust extension and the `org.gnome.Platform` SDK.

## Compile
Compile with cargo `cargo build`
For the flatpak build and installation use:
`./build-aux/flatpak-install.sh`
To only build the flatpak:
`./build-aux/flatpak-build.sh`
_To uninstall_
`flatpak remove org.gnome.spectre`

### Other requirements
for Bindgen there needs to be clang installed (and maybe llvm devel packages) see: https://rust-lang.github.io/rust-bindgen/requirements.html
When using Flatpak this should all be available
